Minor fixes for the 1.2.1 patch (#106)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.bitesize: Basic/2DSpaceShooter/README.md

# 2D Space Shooter

[![UnityVersion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity%20Version:-2021.3%20LTS-57b9d3.svg?logo=unity&color=2196F3)](https://unity.com/releases/editor/qa/lts-releases#:~:text=February%2014%2C%202023-,LTS%20Release,2021.3.18f1,-Released%3A%20February)

> [![NetcodeVersion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netcode%20Version:-1.2.0-57b9d3.svg?logo=unity&color=2196F3)](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/about)

Reviewer: If NGO & docs is updated, this will point to the current release.
@armstrongl is there a way to use a version number for the current release?

<br><br>
---
### 💡 Documentation

> Check out the [2D Space Shooter sample documentation](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/learn/bitesize/bitesize-spaceshooter) for a more in-depth technical breakdown of our engineering decisions and why the sample works the way it does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [2DSpaceShooter sample documentation](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/learn/bitesize/bitesize-spaceshooter) for a more in-depth technical breakdown of our engineering decisions and why the sample works the way it does.
```

Reviewer: Should we keep it tied 1:1 with the product name in the editor?
